JOURNEY OF THE MASTER
I love Engineering (Newtonian mechanics, Quantum mechanics, General and special relativity etc), i always do, mathematics was at core of my personality. I read about the likes of ptoelomy, descartes, appollonuis, thales and other powerful mathematicians pf anyiquity.
Many of the mathematical theorems, if not all was borne by reason of real world ezperience and daily practices and obserclvations. little wonder Eurosthatenes was able to get the closest measure of the moon distance from the earth center at an earlier time.
The Likes of Archimedes, Newton andvAlbert Einstein fueled the underlying passion in me for creatity. Ahh! my mind ran wide. I could see that implementing my ideas was very possible. I applied for engineering in the university however due to intricate reasons, i ended up choosing mathematics and by Gods Grace, gradiated with second class honors, upper division.
I looked for jobs where i can APPLY mathematics, rather than teaching, into an adventure that suits my passion, but what i found as regards my enconomy was not appealing in anyway to my creative and imaginative fantasies. How can i seat down in office merely calculating gdp or whatever statical data for some company, or calculating population census data etc. The most nauseting of them all is the idea pf taking notes down to some classroom and re-reteach what i'v already bn taught by my teacher, (who is also teaching what he learnt from his teacher, a damn repititive cycle of knowledge). I wanted something new and fantastic, adventurous and mind blowing. i would love to my math skill in crafting a general purpose al-powered robot, building some out-of-the-world spaceship capable utilizing the concept of time or space warping locomotion, including creating complex mathematical solutions that breaks into or exposes the fundamental utilities of entities at their nano-molecular scale, i see myself creating or coding app that can utimately take me and mankind to a place beyond our solar system, the milky way (My little fantasies). so the thought of working or choosing  the offers profered to me by the enconomy, was both a psycholological and biological torture!. But who would believe that in those moments of despair, God will open door fpr me to achieve my dreams. It was Alx Africa scholarship programme powered by Holberton Inc. were i get undertake a Software Engineering course and graduated eith flying colors. In the end, i have  become the ENGINEER that creates mind blowing stuffs that i had wanted to be all my days. I create app for industries to solve real world commercoal issues, i create app that help Auronautical space field to tranverse their work seamlesssly, i create stuff that can help any person out there approach their work  ethos eith ease equnimity and satisfaction, I create stuffs!, i create things!, i create the phenomenal, I CREATE!, this is the is the single most important stuff that make me the ME.
I feel so happy and dearly express my thanks to God and Alx Africa for such oppurtunities as i have had. Now let me explore my Fantasies and my explorative imaginations.
I have also taken the AICE program sponsored by Alx Africa, and handle most most professional designing tools like figma, Uizzard (for creating app wireframes and prototypes), several Al toolkit and their isages, make data research and proffer well documentrd analysed data using google workspace tools like doc, sheet, slides which are surrugates of microsoft excel and powerpoint. In effect i can confidently perform the work of a product Manager. This also provides More power for me to be creative in software engineering journey.
